(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
Professional Translation Services
www.gts-translation.com
(PANTING)
MAN: (OVER INTERCOM)
Target in position.
All hands back to stations.
(FOOTSTEPS POUNDING
IN DISTANCE)
(FOOTSTEPS CONTINUE)
MAN: (OVER INTERCOM)
Prepare to fire.
(HYDRAULICS WHIRRING)
(BOOMING)
(BREATH TREMBLING)
(HYDRAULICS WHIRRING)
(BOOMING)
(CLANGING)
(WAILING) Please!
Get me out of here!
(RUMMAGING)
(RIPPING)
(GRUNTING)
(CLANKING)
(DOOR SLAMS)
(CLUNKING)
(GASPS)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(ENERGY PULSATING)
(SCREAMING)
BELTER: (OVER SPEAKERS)
Ceres was once covered in ice.
Enough water
for 1,000 generations.
Until Earth and Mars stripped
it away for themselves.
This station became the most
vital port in the Belt.
But, the immense wealth
and resources that flow
through our gates
were never meant for us.
Belters work the docks,
loading and unloading
precious cargo.
We fix the pipes and filters
that keep this rock
living and breathing.
We Belters toil and suffer,
without hope and without end.
And for what?
One day, Mars will use
its might to wrest control
of Ceres from Earth,
and Earth will go to war
to take it back.
It's all the same to us.
No matter who controls
Ceres, our home,
to them, we will
always be slaves.
That's all we are
to the Earthers and Dusters.
They built their solar system
on our backs,
spilled the blood
of a million of our brothers.
But in their eyes,
we're not even human anymore.
So, the next time you look
in the mirror, say the word.
Slave.
Every time we
demand to be heard,
they hold back our water,
owkwa beltalowda,
ration our air,
ereluf beltalowda,
until we crawl back
into our holes,
imbobo beltalowda,
and do as we are told.
(CROWD CHEERING)
Watch your eyes.
People get killed over
a wrong look around here.
We could run him
in for inciting.
Time and a place.
Hey, you, Badge.
(CROWD MURMURING)
Day's coming soon, keya?
And when the blood
is on the wall,
sasa ke  which side you're on?
Yeah, I'll know.
See you then, welwala.
What is  welwala?
"Traitor to my people."
Come on,
we have work to do.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
MILLER: Just tell me what
happened. Take your time.
(SPEAKING IN
BELTER CREOLE)
(CONTINUING IN CREOLE)
(SPEAKING IN
BELTER CREOLE)
Forgotten arm,  keya?
Forgotten arm, yeah.
MILLER: Hmm.
If any of these guys
come round again,  shoah.
(BOTH SPEAKING
IN BELTER CREOLE)
MILLER: All right,
let in the coroner.
Let him clean it up.
(SQUISHING)
(ELECTRONIC MUSIC PLAYING)
What did she mean,
"forgotten arm"?
The thing you
never see coming.
Don't start. You are never
gonna pass for a Belter.
Every time they look
at you, they're always
gonna see Earth.
(SCOFFS) Coming from a guy
dressed like an Earther.
What's the deal
with the hat?
Keeps the rain
off my head.
(CHUCKLES)
(MUSIC PLAYING)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
Okay. What am I
looking for?
All right.
See that piss-poor
rock hopper down there?
He's trying to cover it up
with that baggy flight suit.
See the way the skin
hangs off his bones?
You get the red eyes
and the shakes
when your body rejects
the growth hormones.
You also get that from
a little too much whiskey.
Nah, tremors, man.
That's from
growing up in low-G.
Your muscles don't
develop right.
I guess that's from
generations in low-G, huh?
MILLER: Someday, I'd say
every Belter's gonna
look just like that.
What about you?
What about me?
What's your tell?
Let me help you
with that,  inyaloda.
This one, he has spurs
at the top of his spine
where the bones
didn't fuse right.
He got the cheap
bone density juice
when he was a child.
Probably a ward
of the station.
So, even if
he disguises himself,
he's just like me.
I am nothing
like you, longbone.
Take your OPA bullshit
back to the Medina,
and wait for the
revolution
with all the rest of the
victims.
Please, why don't
you go outside...
(YELLING IN BELTER CREOLE)
Lunch break's over.
(BELTER CONTINUES YELLING)
(ZOOMING)
Hey,  voyu...
Detective, (CONTINUES
IN BELTER CREOLE)
I've been looking
all over for you.
Hmm. I trust you changed
those air filters, right?
Full compliance,
mi sa-sa.
Good, good.
(TONE SOUNDING)
FEMALE PA ANNOUNCER:
Now arriving.
Mid-town level...
No need to
pay a visit, then.
Exit for Star Helix Police
and Emergency Services.
Excuse me.
(DOOR OPENING)
Come on.
(SPEAKING OTHER
LANGUAGE OVER INTERCOM)
(DRONE WHIRRING)
OCTAVIA:  Okay, I'm gonna
ask you one more time.
Stop grinning like an idiot
and give me your real name.
I promise you things
will not go well for you
if you do not...
Jesus, Miller!
Do you hear her?
(GRUNTING)
Miller! Hey!
Get the cuffs off.
If I want his ass kicked,
I'll do it myself.
I know who you are!
I'll find you!
Any laws against
beating up suspects?
No laws in Ceres.
Just cops.
(SPITTING)
SHADDID: I have
something for you.
New contract.
Just you. Not Havelock.
He's too new.
You sidelining me,
Captain?
No, this is off-book.
On your own time.
A favor someone down on Earth
is doing for a shareholder.
Oh, we're groveling to
the shareholders now?
I need someone discreet.
Ah. Say no more.
I've linked you
into the files.
A little lost daughter case.
Ariadne and Jules-Pierre Mao.
Mao-Kwikowski
Mercantile?
They're Luna-based.
They do a lot of
shipping through here.
(WHISTLES) And they
misplaced a daughter?
Black sheep. Went to college,
got involved with a group
called the "Far Horizons
Foundation."
Students. With big ideas
and big mouths.
Why do the parents want her
found all of a sudden?
Probably got tired of her
embarrassing the old man.
It's all in the files.
Okay.
So... So, what's
my contract exactly?
Find Julie Mao,
if she's still here on Ceres,
detain her, and ship her home.
Kidnap job.
My pleasure.
RIKER: So, what you gonna do
with your bonus check
when we get this ice to Ceres?
PAJ: Well, I'm not gonna make
the same mistake as last time.
Casino before brothel.
You got cleaned out.
Yeah. And let me tell you,
brothels on Ceres
don't like extending credit.
Bet I can load twice the ice
that you do in half the time.
Am I smelling
a wager,  ke?
RIKER: Not yet.
But I will drag my...
(CRASHING)
RIKER: Watch out!
(PAJ SCREAMING)
(SCREAMING CONTINUES)
(PANTING)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
You're entirely
too good at this.
I told you, I've got
no power to get you
promoted on this ship.
Well, then I take it back.
WOMAN: (OVER INTERCOM)
Standby for thrust correction.
Warning. Gravity has...
(GROANS)
(COMPUTER BEEPING)
MAN: (OVER INTERCOM)
Holden, report to
the flight deck.
(GROANING)
(CHUCKLES)
We never saw it.
Sorry, cowboy,
but we did.
MAN: (OVER INTERCOM)
We got a code 22, Cameron Paj.
Can't find the XO.
All right, all right,
I'll hunt him down.
Don't get dressed.
Hey, Paj,
how's the arm?
Looking good.
Still got a few
nerves, though.
Shed's been telling me
how the prosthetic's
gonna hook up.
Well, you know that
naturally, the company'll try
to screw you out of
a good one, right?
I've been signed on
long enough to get one
with force feedback,
pressure and temp sensors,
the whole package.
SHED: I know.
What you should have
is that new bio-gel
they developed
on the inner planets.
Then you wouldn't need
a prosthetic.
It regrows
the limb perfectly.
Screw the Inners
and their magic Jell-O.
No offense, Holden.
No, I'd rather
a Belter-built fake
any day.
That's 'cause you're
stubborn as hell.
No worries, Paj.
Hey, I need some Z-PRO.
Been cleaned
out for two weeks.
You're gonna have to
count sheep, sorry.
Oh, I do have something
a little stronger, though,
if you've got
the, uh, scrip.
Nah.
No?
No.
Hey, seriously,
Holden.
you won't let them screw me
out of an arm, will you?
I don't wanna used one.
I'm just a clock-puncher
like you, Paj.
Hey! Hey, you seen
the XO?
No,  sa-sa.
Just follow the
reek of whiskey.
That's not nice.
It's the truth.
You didn't sign
the PRP.
I didn't sign
the what?
It's the retrofit...
(BEEPING)
(BEEPING STOPS)
It's the retrofit proposal
to overhaul this bucket
before it breaks apart.
Ah.
If Naomi says
it'll happen,
you can take it
to the bank.
Listen, kids,
I've been here
longer than you.
It's way cheaper for
the company to settle up
with a few widows
than to overhaul
this old barge.
(ELEVATOR CLUNKING)
The truth.
Besides, the  Cant is
a legend for her scars.
Badges of endurance.
Hey, do you have
a pry bar?
Make sure
I get it back.
Sure.
You must tell me the amazing
story of how you managed to
become a second officer.
My biggest failure
in life.
ALEX: Look out below!
Welcome to the rodeo.
Ladies and gentlemen,
please sit back,
relax and enjoy the ride.
Ceres Station,
here we come.
Please adjust your
tray tables and seat backs
into their upright
and locked positions...
BYERS: Shut up and fly,
would ya?
You, too, Boo Boo.
CREW MEMBER: Okay,
reverse thrust. B5...
How are we
looking, kids?
It's easy as
picklin' eggs, Hoss.
HOLDEN: Paj needs
approval for a new arm.
I gotta get XO on it.
Have you seen him?
If I said I had,
I'd be lyin'.
(BANGING)
Hey, XO!
Hey!
(STRAINING) All right,
I'm coming in,
and I don't wanna see
anything hairy.
(METAL GROANING)
(DOOR OPENING)
(DISTANT CELLO MUSIC PLAYING)
(CELLO MUSIC PLAYING)
XO: (HUMS)
♪ Daffodil
♪ A daffodil ♪
(XO CHUCKLES)
Rosa...
Priscitha...
Roses.
Daisies.
♪ Daisy
♪ Daisy ♪
Ah, Jimmy boy.
You know what I just
can't figure out?
We make it
all this way,
so far out
into the darkness.
(CHUCKLES)
Why couldn't we have
brought more light?
(LAUGHS)
I hear ya...
Okay, come on, now, X.
(LAUGHS)
(GUNSHOT)
Whoa! Whoa, whoa, whoa!
(LAUGHING MANIACALLY)
(SOBBING) Oh, my God.
(SOBBING)
Just lay back,
real slow, okay?
(XO MUMBLING)
What's that?
Okay, everything's
gonna be fine, all right?
Daisy, bluebell...
Pull that tight.
(XO CONTINUES
MUMBLING)
HOLDEN: He started
talking to his plants
about six months ago.
I figured he would've
pulled himself out of it.
So it goes.
McDOWELL: It's been
a long time comin'.
Are you kidding?
No.
I thought I was getting
my walking papers.
What for?
Well, fraternizing with
our navigator, for starters.
What?
Look, people like you.
You get things done,
and you're gonna make
a good XO.
You got me
pegged wrong, Captain.
Captain's never wrong.
First lesson, free.
You've been on the  Cant
five years now.
Turned down two transfers.
Face it, this is your home.
It's your family.
Is this where we hug?
So, why haven't you
moved on, then?
Because no one tried to
push an XO badge on me.
I like things
the way they are.
Evolve or die.
Then at least
I'll die grinning.
Don't be stupid.
One of these days,
Earth and Mars are gonna
bury the hatchet and
hammer out a treaty.
Yeah, and now
you're dreamin', Cap.
McDOWELL: I'm a man
of great vision.
You'll see.
Means we'll finally get out
of the ice-hauling business
and into the
Earth-Mars business.
Less risk,
way better reward.
Maybe a chance
to see Earth again.
What makes you think
I wanna see Earth again?
You a "wanted man"
back in Montana?
Maybe I am.
Someday you'll
tell me that story.
Right after you tell me
the story about those.
Well, those are,
uh, mine.
It's just... There's...
I don't care
about your past.
Everybody on the  Cant is
hiding from something.
Yeah, I appreciate
the offer, Cap.
ALEX: (OVER INTERCOM)
Hey, boss, we need you
out here. You gotta see this.
McDOWELL: Hang on to this
for a couple of days.
It might feel good
in the pocket.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
ALEX: Picked up a Mayday.
Looks like a light freighter.
Calls itself the  Scopuli.
Anyone else
in the vicinity?
No siree, Bob, we are the only
ship in three million clicks.
Of course we are.
ADE: Got it.
Next to a charted,
non-Belt asteroid.
What the hell were they
doing way out there?
We're obligated
to check it out.
I'm well aware of the
statute, Ms. Nygaard.
It's pirate bait.
That far outside
the shipping lanes?
It's not far out
of our way, Captain.
Two days at most.
A delay means we lose
our berth at Ceres.
Kiss our on-time
bonus goodbye.
I say we move on
and let the good god
Darwin sort it out.
What goes around
comes around.
One of these days,
it's gonna be us
stranded out there.
Captain gave
an order, people.
Purge the logs.
We never received
that signal.
McDOWELL: Set the watch
and proceed.
See, you're a natural.
That was some real
XO shit in there.
No. That was me
wanting to get to Ceres
worse than you.
ADE:  Thanks for backing me up
on that distress call.
McDowell's got
a nose for trouble.
He's been doing this
a while longer than we have.
I guess you really are
sucking up for that XO badge.
Turned him down flat.
You kidding me?
You'd be on the
short path to Captain.
Exactly.
Besides, if I took it,
we'd have to stop
seeing each other.
Well. You know.
There's that saying about
all good things. (CHUCKLES)
I told you.
A couple more rotations
and I'd be moving on.
A couple is...
You know, two at least.
I assumed.
Hey.
There's right now
and there's later.
Why worry about
later, right?
Right.
Come on, Jim.
Lie down.
I promise I won't
lay a finger on you.
I can't sleep.
I'll take over.
I'll buy you
a bottle on Ceres.
(CHUCKLES) I'll settle for
a good cup of coffee.
(SIGHS)
(SQUEAKING)
(PRESSES KEY)
(STATIC BUZZING)
(COMPUTER BEEPING)
(STATIC GROWING LOUDER)
(DISTORTED BUZZING)
VOICE: (DISTORTED)
Please help me.
JULIE: (OVER RECORDING)
Is anybody there? Please.
(STATIC BUZZING)
JULIE: (DISTORTED)
Please help me.
(DOOR OPENING AND CLOSING)
(SMASHING)
Hey!
(GRANDSON GIGGLING)
How many times
have I told you?
This calls for tickling!
No!
(BOTH LAUGHING)
No, please, no!
He'll wet himself
if you're not careful.
(CHUCKLING) That's
the advantage of
being a grandparent.
I get to hand him
off to his mother.
(PLANE APPROACHING)
(SIGHS)
GRANDSON:  Amma,
do you have to go?
Yes, I do. I'm sorry.
There's someone
I need to talk to.
Are people
fighting again?
Not yet.
That's why we need to talk,
and tell the truth.
When people don't
tell the truth,
it always ends badly.
INTERROGATOR: You've been
linked to a radical faction
of the OPA.
Were you just a courier?
How long has he
been out of the tank?
Ten hours.
(RASPING)
I'm sorry the gravity
of a real planet hurts.
But it's appropriate.
You wish to hurt Earth.
The Earth that is now
crushing your weak
Belter lungs,
and your fragile
Belter bones.
All you have to do to
make it stop is talk.
You're an OPA terrorist.
You were carrying contraband
stealth technology.
What was it for?
(WHISPERING) A whisper
will do, if that's all
you can manage.
(WHEEZING)
Hey.
Give him another
10 hours.
If he survives,
call me.
(STRUGGLING FOR AIR)
(ZOOMING)
(SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY)
FEMALE PA ANNOUNCER:
Now arriving, Medina
Exchange District.
(CONTINUING IN
FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
OFFICER 1: Everybody
calm down, all right!
OFFICER 2: Back away.
OFFICER 1: Back up, people!
(SOBBING)
(GIRL COUGHS)
(WHEEZING)
(CROWD COUGHING)
OFFICER 1: Hey! Back up,
buddy, I'm talking to you!
(BABY CRYING)
What's up, doll?
Cheap-ass air filters
crapped out.
Second time this month.
(COUGHING CONTINUES)
HAVELOCK: I guess
this guy pays well
to be taken care of, huh?
Yeah, he pays our bosses
pretty well, too, pal.
Look, don't try to
save the whole station
on your first day.
Pace yourself.
Any rain yet?
That distress call
we never received,
it was logged with HQ.
By some anonymous,
piece-o'-shit do-gooder
aboard this ship.
Well, at least
somebody has a soul.
I swear, I find the rat...
Quit lookin' at me, Byers,
or I'll put your lights out.
Any ol' time, girl.
McDOWELL: Now, we're forced
to divert, or the firm's
legally on the hook.
Holden.
You'll head up
this rescue, or salvage,
(MUMBLING) whatever
we're calling it.
Put a shuttle team
together.
Is there a problem, XO?
Acting XO, sir.
I ain't goin'.
No way, no how.
Well, you ain't invited.
Alex, ping the beacon
that we're on our way
and let Ceres know that
we're gonna be late.
Ms. Nygaard?
If we flip right now
and burn like hell,
I can get us within
50,000 clicks.
BYERS: Oh, great.
Then we'll all be puking
in our crash-couches
while the cargo busts loose
and scuttles the ship.
Make sure that ice
stays put.
Naomi. How's the
Knight looking?
She's one
leaky lifeboat.
She should be able
to manage 50,000
clicks of vacuum.
All right,
then you're on board.
HOLDEN: This is Holden.
We've logged a distress call
near CA-2216862.
(CONTINUING OVER PA)
We're obliged to change
our course and respond.
Make sure your acceleration
drug dispensers are full.
This will be
a high-G maneuver.
Prepare for flip and burn.
(BOOMING)
Here comes the juice.
(ROARING)
(BLASTING)
(CLUNKING)
I can't figure out why Cap
would put you in charge
of this little excursion.
Well, he still thinks
he's grooming me
for bigger things.
Then he's wasting
his time.
That's what I keep
telling him. (SIGHS)
If your girlfriend logged
that distress call,
she's gonna be
living it down
for a long time.
I did it.
I just couldn't
shake it.
I'd keep that to myself
if I were you.
ALEX: What's the
good word, y'all? (GROANS)
All right.
How's my sweet old
rust bucket today?
Well, I guess we'll
find out, won't we?
I guess so.
ALEX: Okay.
(SIGHS) So just for
the record, guys,
I don't wanna
be here right now.
Me neither.
But here we are.
One big, happy unit.
Knight,  your
flight plan is set.
It'll be a two-hour trip to
the tango, flying tea-kettle.
Thank you, Canterbury.
Welcome, Knight.
Godspeed.
If you see anything that
seems off, you pack up
the toys and come on home.
No heroes, Captain.
Clear to leave the barn.
Good luck.
(ELECTRONIC MUSIC PLAYING)
(OCTAVIA LAUGHING)
(LAUGHING)
OCTAVIA: Really?
She's off the clock.
Then she can
tell me that.
I'd keep an eye
on that guy.
I hear he collects
moon rocks in his
spare time.
(CLEARS THROAT)
You wanna know
what else he's into?
Hey, hey, now. I'm just
lookin' out for you.
I need a woman's intuition.
Who is she?
Oh, she's just
a missing persons case
I'm not "permitted
to discuss," you know.
Juliette Andromeda Mao.
She's the richest
bachelorette in the system.
Now what would
a rich girl do
to really piss
Daddy off on Ceres?
Are you asking
what I did?
Bang every space
bucker I could find.
That's not helpful.
Oh, I'm sorry, Miller.
Did you come here
for my help?
Come on.
Admit it. You miss me.
You miss these little chats.
Good night, Miller.
(SIGHING)
Eat something,
for God's sake.
You look like hell.
NAOMI:  Config matches
the registry information.
It's definitely
the  Scopuli.
NAOMI: No IR or
electro-mag other than
the distress beacon.
Looks like the
reactor's shut down,
but no radiation leakage.
What about that thing
that looks like a big hole
in the side?
Uh, LADAR says
it's a big hole
in the side.
(CHUCKLING)
Well, the big array
on the  Cant 's reading no one
within a million clicks.
ALEX: Looks like we're
the only game in town.
Well, we came, we looked,
we, uh, left.
No one's gonna know
if we set foot
on that thing.
Take us in.
And, Alex,
if something nasty's
hiding in that ship,
we bolt like hell
and melt anything
behind us into slag.
Good plan, Hoss.
(SIGHS) All right,
I'll go in and poke around.
I'll go with him.
(THUDDING)
(AIR HISSING)
Good times.
(BOOTS CLUNKING)
HOLDEN: How do you
think that happened?
It wasn't a torpedo.
A breaching charge did that.
Amos.
Keep that gun out.
Engineering first.
I wanna know why
that reactor's offline.
Reactor wasn't
killed by the
blast.
AMOS: Someone went through
the shutdown procedures.
So, if everyone's
dead, who turned
it off?
Well, it
wasn't pirates.
They wouldn't
have left all
that behind.
And they left
all the pressure
doors open.
So no one could hide.
AMOS: Six o'clock!
(AMOS PANTING)
HOLDEN: Naomi, Shed,
we need more eyes in here.
All right. Meet us
on the bridge.
SHED: Hey, guys?
Where are all
the bodies at?
Amos, cut out
the data core.
We'll take it with us.
Roger that.
HOLDEN: These panels
are all dead.
How are they sending
a distress beacon
with dead comms?
Does that look like a...
HOLDEN: Well, maybe not...
If it was a bomb,
we'd be toast.
AMOS: It's a transmitter.
NAOMI: This must be
the beacon that called us.
Somebody planted it.
Pirate bait.
McDowell was right.
ALEX:  Hoss, forwarding you
an A-1 tight-beam
from the Canterbury.
Holden, a ship
just appeared
near your location.
HOLDEN:  How is that possible?
You cleared us out
to a million clicks.
It didn't show up on
any of our scopes.
We're setting you
a rendezvous point.
Get the hell back here.
(ALL BREATHING HEAVILY)
Alex! Disengage!
My pleasure.
ALEX: Disengaging!
(ENGINE ROARING)
(PANTING)
Where did that
thing come from?
Damned if I know!
Just suddenly,
it was there.
Stealth tech.
Has to be.
Who the hell has
stealth like that?
Mars.
MAN 1: That's more thinner
to the mix, all right?
MAN 2: All right.
MAN 1: Hey, hey,
you see that other one?
(CHIRPING)
MAN 2: What was that?
MAN 1: You got that
other one with you?
That's a cute kid.
How old?
Two and a half.
Hi.
FATHER: How about you?
Any kids?
Yeah, no.
I missed that boat.
(CHILD LAUGHING)
(CHIRPING)
There you go, pal.
GIRL: My turn. (COUGHS)
(COUGHS) My turn.
(GIGGLING)
GIRL: Me turn, me turn!
(GIRL COUGHING)
We had an understanding,
Detective! An arrangement!
You can't just...
It was a mistake!
(SCREAMING)
(THUDS)
(BEEPS)
(CLANKING)
(ALARM BLARING)
(DOORS LOCKING)
(AIR HISSING)
(MUFFLED)
You made your point.
I'm a changed man!
Thank you for
opening my eyes!
(WHEEZING)
(STRUGGLING FOR AIR)
Twice the money!
(MUFFLED)
I'll pay you double!
(ALARM STOPS)
(VARGAS GASPING)
Air is good,
don't you think?
(PANTING)
Air is nice.
Keep those filters
clean, asshole.
Knight, we have
your rendezvous.
Negative. Unable.
Advise.
Bogey is 12,000 clicks
and closing.
ADE:  Holden, advise!
(BLASTING)
ALEX: Torpedo launch!
We're gonna take 'em
for a ride. Alex,
go around the asteroid.
Run 'em! Now!
Lead the torpedoes
into the rock.
ADE:  What is your situation?
Please advise!
Six thousand clicks.
ALEX: Five...
Four...
Three...
(BEEPING)
Those weren't
meant for us.
Canterbury, burn like hell,
you've got incoming!
Right 30, G-burn.
Do it! Now!
Range?
Two-four. Closing.
McDOWELL: Standby cargo door.
Captain, eject the ice
as a shield.
We're on it!
Stay off this channel.
Ade?
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
Ade, did Mac
eject the ice?
Did he eject the ice?
You take a hit, you stay calm.
They just want the cargo.
We'll SOS, start negotiations
for prisoner release, okay?
Just...
Jim.
There's something
you should know...
(BOOMING)
She's gone.
They nuked her.
Please rate this subtitle at www.osdb.link/68szh
Help other users to choose the best subtitles